Why would you consider a Scripting Language as JavaScript as your Backend Platform?
Explain Pros & Cons in using Node.js + Express to implement your Backend compared to a strategy using for example Java/JAX-RS/Tomcat
Node.js uses a Single Threaded Non-blocking strategy to handle asynchronous task. Explain strategies to implement a Node.js based server architecture that still could take advantage of a multi-core Server.
Explain briefly how to deploy a Node/Express application including how to solve the following deployment problems:
Ensure that you Node-process restarts after a (potential) exception that closed the application
Ensure that you Node-process restarts after a server (Ubuntu) restart
Ensure that you can take advantage of a multi-core system
Ensure that you can run “many” node-applications on a single droplet on the same port (80)
Explain the difference between “Developer outputs” and application logging. What’s wrong with console.log(..) statements in our backend-code, 

Explain, using relevant examples, concepts related to testing a REST-API using Node/JavaScript + relevant packages 
Explain, using relevant examples, the Express concept; middleware.
Explain, using relevant examples, how to implement sessions, and the legal implications of doing this.
Explain (conceptually) how you would handle sessions if you run your app in clusters to solve some of problems related to deployment.
Compare the express strategy toward (server side) templating with the one you used with Java on second semester.
Demonstrate a simple Server Side Rendering example using a technology of your own choice.
Explain, using relevant examples, your strategy for implementing a REST-API with Node/Express and show how you can "test" all the four CRUD operations programmatically using for example the Request package.
Explain, using relevant examples, about testing JavaScript code, relevant packages (Mocha etc.) and how to test asynchronous code.
Explain, using relevant examples, different ways to mock out databases, HTTP-request etc.
NoSQL, MongoDB and Mongoose
Explain, generally, what is meant by a NoSQL database.
Explain Pros & Cons in using a NoSQL database like MongoDB as your data store, compared to a traditional Relational SQL Database like MySQL.
Explain reasons to add a layer like Mongoose, on top on of a schema-less database like MongoDB
These two topics will be introduced in period-3
Explain about indexes in MongoDB, how to create them, and demonstrate how you have used them.
Explain, using your own code examples, how you have used some of MongoDB's "special" indexes like TTL and 2dsphere
Demonstrate, using a REST-API you have designed, how to perform all CRUD operations on a MongoDB
Explain the benefits from using Mongoose, and demonstrate, using your own code, an example involving all CRUD operations
Explain the “6 Rules of Thumb: Your Guide Through the Rainbow” as to how and when you would use normalization vs. denormalization.
Demonstrate, using your own code-samples, decisions you have made regarding → normalization vs denormalization 
Explain, using a relevant example, a full JavaScript backend including relevant test cases to test the REST-API (not on the production database)

